welcome back to the summer holiday event we move
in Latin America and a country very warm and full of emotions as it is
Brazil
1060 returned from this
fantastic destination
that really left me as they say a saudade
what name of your pin a malaise
internal but be
when will he come back to Brazil and I hope you too soon to make me fall in love with
this goal
also good in particular corpse is a country rich in colors
of music the one with we are all of us in regards to
the carnival
let's do so many rio de janeiro we know all that is
the control of the rio carnival
privacy flare
if it's not just chap
the color of music is precisely the year of bracigliano
if you can cultivate inside
tuttonapoli been a week sunshine brazil imposed would say that
the knowledge of this photo of these people
they really impressed me so much
but which attached TV nations we talk about the sea we want of beaches
very white beaches.
washed by the ocean
which does not know mananc ocean of the however
it is a long honda allows us to bathe mountain lagoons created by
returned from the sea towards
interior so common
in so many places we use this is the wish natural workshops that you
want to call
to bathe
ss either
because it allows us to take your children to bathe
Ligurian stone mainly celebrate its main destination of
of Brazil we know that
and women rds joke then
one makes an ass 1 well however decide the particular half of the visit e
Brazil
I had barbies but if I but if I
a huge city
surroundings there is a lot of talk, but I don't want to talk about it though
prepares the holidays chandeliers fun comb to present
one of the two villages that club is pope on
to this region
pratagy mezzapelle
ddlfantasy pierre really
a very Brazilian structure
it divides into two parts the classical village structure is divided
el & lt 3 and interior structures
of the village itself
please give two lovely little plans
all in the garden and dangers to moka to say if you don't smoke
bigoli with the same fresh air palms
you have also been good prophets
heyy blanket ideas entirely from berge the florid palms
hence the suggestion of colors
and he said errantly
we go to the sea
going down to fa per day - arab one on a board on a wharf worked
we remember the third armed march the church mind holy souls of evil
when we talk about high tide
and then we come
finally on the beach the star of the gymnast yesterday 14 kilometers
very white and very fine beach
discount private balances to reiterate does not provide
private beaches pines however close
of the gelmini always the sun break we have our itinere the sterpaia
bersagliere
test sunbathing directly
opened the famous superhero
can go sunbathing under the palm trees
tell me a little weird if this was a movie but no
because it exceeds to understand that being almost all equator
even if everyone loves the shirt or we are under the palms
it can be insured
and going to cessation is always good to bring in creams but very high protection
for personal medical experience problem 15 is almost no help to
nothing so start your 30 cream holiday protection for the
safety
catania via of my girlfriend but is vacation to minimante protection e
surroundings 10
and if I'm a lot of used hunting gear
in brazil be good details company friend beps we move towards six for
baby carrier - I also love two structures
1 you brought forward photo
columbus management club altapd the beautiful kathetine suit & lt 3 come
two-family duplexes
what you study
sea ​​view telephoning migrants and then the great structure
and bay club dogo
columbus club
pierre of prague ferrandi 3 hopes even this much more lush
more green
expands unlike the prefects
on the beach divided into two parts indeed
but it's on the mouth
. of brazil
linda que sabes de esta beach that divides
in the middle it divides
a part is a street completely
in the reserved
to the village where animation is part
because it's the only one we always have in the club
club stick is made up of we have special education and cheerful way
funny fun
supply chains and then alongside Italian damnation
new year to speak letter b
nba but remember that if also
a beach
total relaxation. animation does not
does not peep out of the morning surely we do not hear the v
title under armpits redoing a day photo vacation home in complete relaxation
better anni starts daily with jet skis
to go
to make the kitchens tailor-made in front of particularly close osmizze
score
every day what to do when the hiking program in the
structure the press the press by remember the 7 are many
cute expulsions excursions that normally unite
be the beauty of nature and therefore the most beautiful beaches
to what is beautiful of food we hear for Italians we go to eat and the
particular
limewire we eat very well what the fish at different restaurateur know
reader we are
in the Brazilian meat pucci academy in Avigliana how we can internal kia kar
very good and 'surely sells them to say taste a lot of Brazilian meat
gloves take care that you go to Brazil and eat the fish you eat lobster I have
all that is e
arming daemon tools
delicious
for me you are very poverty
oil comes out to make you understand how these peoples
heston
every life of them
in particular that we in a week a military jury
the sea to move from but if I had you apollinaire see the beauty of the
Brazil
Saturday to avoid this holy port they were as mature as we could call
of recovery
social of children and edd surely we pay them a sad day
instead we have not seen how the catignano people manage to entertain scandalous
poverty
I tell you
go really military in brazil deitel agency - bari
stuffing cakes fifty-six if particular consistency
vat on other people, particularly the facts about treatment
that I will send you to know
have sex in particular
my name is facebook
certainly a
incentives week and serene because but because descriptions
for the Brazilian group and 2008
departure 19 February return 26 February departures from Malpensa with flight
directed up but if me
I wait for you
the agency then
chiavari ge force faced
sauces to give me information and why not why not come both me and together
to others
and your fellow actors to discover this beautiful country that
has brazil
see you next episode